README.md, before:

Open bank project as part of the interview
==================

✅ **What it is**: An interview project collecting a couple of features related to Marvel super heroes [Marvel super heroes API](https://developer.marvel.com/docs) based on a layered architecture.

🙅 **What it's not**: This is not an app to be loaded to Google Play Store.

This project is compatible with the latest **stable** version of Android Studio.

## Features

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      
### 🖼️ UI
      
The app contains a couple of feature modules in charge to display the list of Marvel superheroes and its detail.
      
### 🧱 Build

* [KTS gradle files](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/kotlin_dsl.html)

### 🏠 Architecture

* [Room Database](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/room)
* Dependency injection with [Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android)
* [Jetpack ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel)
* UI using [Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose)
* [Jetpack Navigation](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/navigation)
* [Reactive data layer](https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture/data-layer)
* [Kotlin Coroutines and Flow](https://developer.android.com/kotlin/coroutines)
* [Unit tests](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/local-tests)
* [UI tests](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/testing) using fake data with
[Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-testing)
      
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190234473-45946c3f-3a45-4918-bc0f-c29ea831042d.png)
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190413984-d2a6055a-cb79-4657-bed0-31a68bec99d3.png)
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190234886-d1544b02-9760-4166-b972-4a737cbd1af1.png)

      
## 📱 Overview
      
   ![characters](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861285-53cad8e6-9cd1-47a2-8a92-74f160cb977e.png)
      
   ![characters_filter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861333-748c57c2-813a-4dc8-9d25-4ab4d9145f6f.png)
      
   ![character_detail](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861376-992f5cdd-d867-480d-b442-8249d6a47c1c.png)

## Usage

1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/oscarB1nar10/Openbank.git
```

Commit message:

Readme file updated
The repository name was updated based on new goals established for this project.

README.md, after:

Modern-Android project as part of integrate modern and cool Android libraries.
==================

✅ **What it is**: An open source project where to check the implementation of the last tendency libraries in the Android World. This app has a couple of features related to Marvel super heroes [Marvel super heroes API](https://developer.marvel.com/docs) based on a layered architecture.

🙅 **What it's not**: This is not an app to be loaded to Google Play Store.

This project is compatible with the latest **stable** version of Android Studio.

## Features

<table>
  <tr>
    <td>
      
### 🖼️ UI
      
The app contains a couple of feature modules in charge to display the list of Marvel superheroes and its detail.
      
### 🧱 Build

* [KTS gradle files](https://docs.gradle.org/current/userguide/kotlin_dsl.html)

### 🏠 Architecture

* [Room Database](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage/room)
* Dependency injection with [Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-android)
* [Jetpack ViewModel](https://developer.android.com/topic/libraries/architecture/viewmodel)
* UI using [Jetpack Compose](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose)
* [Jetpack Navigation](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/navigation)
* [Reactive data layer](https://developer.android.com/topic/architecture/data-layer)
* [Kotlin Coroutines and Flow](https://developer.android.com/kotlin/coroutines)
* [Unit tests](https://developer.android.com/training/testing/local-tests)
* [UI tests](https://developer.android.com/jetpack/compose/testing) using fake data with
[Hilt](https://developer.android.com/training/dependency-injection/hilt-testing)
      
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190234473-45946c3f-3a45-4918-bc0f-c29ea831042d.png)
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190413984-d2a6055a-cb79-4657-bed0-31a68bec99d3.png)
  
  ![image](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/190234886-d1544b02-9760-4166-b972-4a737cbd1af1.png)

      
## 📱 Overview
      
   ![characters](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861285-53cad8e6-9cd1-47a2-8a92-74f160cb977e.png)
      
   ![characters_filter](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861333-748c57c2-813a-4dc8-9d25-4ab4d9145f6f.png)
      
   ![character_detail](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/43419630/191861376-992f5cdd-d867-480d-b442-8249d6a47c1c.png)

## Usage

1. Clone the repository
```
git clone https://github.com/oscarB1nar10/Openbank.git
```
